# 92118

## Dialog

**You say:** `hail`



>*92118 seems to have lost all hope. He sadly looks to the ground. His shackles are different than the others you see in this cell. One is definitely steel and not of goblin design. The other is made of an unfamiliar metal.*

**You say:** `veltar`



>*92118 's soiled face shines with a glint of hope. 'You know my name? Who has [sent] you to find me?'*

**You say:** `master rinmark sent`



>**92118 says:** Then word has gotten to him!! If you be a monk of the third rung I will accept your aid. You must find the [coppernickel key]. It is required to release me from this goblin shackle. I have no reward to offer other than the shackle of steel. Give me both your shackles of the third rung along with the key and I shall reward you the first shackle of the fourth rung.

**You say:** `coppernickel key`



>**92118 says:** The key is split into three parts. Part one is the base and must be combined with the two remainder pieces. One piece is in here and the other was lost. I overheard the goblins chattering and recognized the goblin phrase, 'lair of flying mouths'!! As for the base, I do not know.
end

## Turn-Ins



if **You turn in:** [A Coppernickel Key](/item/12839), [Shackle of Copper](/item/4194), [Shackle of Bronze](/item/4195)


>*92118 hands you a shackle and removes the coppernickel shackle so he may flee. He places your shackles on his wrists and darts into the darkness.*


* __Faction:__ [Swift Tails](/faction/444) (20)


* __Faction:__ [Legion of Cabilis](/faction/441) (10)


 **You receive:**  [Shackle of Steel](/item/4196) (+50000 exp)

**This NPC *should* return incorrect items given.**






