# 223077


local MAX_CLIENTS = 60;
local POTIMEA_CONTROLLER_TYPE = 219053;
local POTIMEB_CONTROLLER_TYPE = 223077;
local EVENTS_CONTROLLER_TYPE = 223078;
local QUARM_TYPE = 223008;

local EMOTE_STRINGS = {

[1] = "An hourglass appears in the distance, the few remaining sands trickling down.  As the last grain falls, multicolored lights erupt from it, surrounding you in a brilliant flash.",

[2] = "Ethereal mists gather at the far wall, causing it fade in and out of focus.",

[3] = "In the distance, an hourglass appears, the grains of sand falling methodically into place.  As quickly as the image was formed, it dissipates.  You have %s left.",



[4] = "As the path before you opens up in a swirl of mystical energy, the faded image of an hourglass appears. You have %s.",

[5] = "Solusek Ro says, 'This is absurd, why are we wasting our time and energy on this!?  Direct action is needed, now!  Banishing Zebuxoruk will not stop the mortals from entering into our planes.  Their greed for power will have them soon trampling through our realms!'",

[6] = "Rallos Zek says, 'On this I agree!  We must take action and the time is now.  I will not have these mortals achieving the powers that we hold.'",

[7] = "Fennin Ro says, 'Calm yourselves, you need to appreciate the situation that is at hand.'",

[8] = "Xegony says, 'Please listen to reason, we are doing what we must.  The mortals possess a direct tie to Zebuxoruk.  If his stasis is finished their link will dwindle as well as their powers and knowledge.'",

[9] = "Rathe says, 'The knowledge that was given to them by Zebuxoruk will fade from their minds.  We must do this now, for if they were able to translate the divine language all existence would unravel.  The balance of power in the universe would be destroyed.'",

[10] = "Solusek Ro says, 'This is exactly the point that I am making!  So you agree we must show them now that we are the power above them, and not to be questioned!'",

[11] = "Rallos Zek says, 'You must see what he refers to; we must turn to Norrath and show them our power.  What they are trying to accomplish cannot be allowed to come to pass.'",

[12] = "Fennin Ro says, 'My son, please understand we must stop this advancement of mortals without halting their existence.  The balance of power must be maintained.  Without the mortals the balance would fade.'",

[13] = "Solusek Ro says, 'So they have made your decision for you too father.  You are all wrong, this will only bring them further into our realms seeking answers!  We must take action now.  Have at your foolish games, I will not allow them to obtain my power.'",

[14] = "You look up and see a meteor burning through the sky; Solusek returning to his tower to brood over the matters at hand.",

[15] = "Rallos lets out a sigh of frustration that vibrates the ground at your feet.",

[16] = "Rathe says, 'Rallos still your warring heart.  This is what must be done.  We must place him in a stasis from which he will not be released.  Come share your power.  We must commence now.'",

[17] = "Xegony says, 'Mithaniel, Karana please record what you see here.  With your good nature I am sure that your records will be impartial to any side.  We must record this for the ages and learn from our mistake of allowing Zebuxoruk to gain so much power that is easily passed on to mortals.'",

[18] = "With a sudden jolt the wall comes into crystal clear focus.",



[19] = "A bright aura streaks through the sky.  The power of it sends a surge through your body that makes your hair stand on",

[20] = "The Triumvirate of Water speaks as one voice.  It says, 'Now step up to the chambers.  Give a part of yourselves to the bind on Zebuxoruk.  Through our power, the bonds on him will never be broken.  He will be eternally placed in stasis.'",

[21] = "Saryrn says, 'What of our weakened state.  I refuse to return to my realm without the power to rule over my minions.'",

[22] = "Terris Thule says, 'Yes, how can I spread my touch over my lands if I lack so much of myself?'",

[23] = "Cazic Thule says, 'Do not worry daughter, we shall stay here until we are able to recover our strength.'",

[24] = "Rallos Zek says, 'Our armies shall serve us as we regenerate our abilities.  We have nothing to fear.'",

[25] = "Bertoxxulous says, 'My soldiers of pestilence shall watch over us.  Let us return to our chambers now.'",

[26] = "Innoruuk says, 'Are you enjoying watching this Hammer of the Tribunal?  I hope your petty report will show my disdain for the Tribunal having no hand in this.'",

[27] = "The Seventh Hammer says, 'Do not waste your energy Innoruuk.  You know they are eternally preoccupied with their trials.  Surely even you understand many of these trials exist because of the hate you instill into the population of Norrath.'",

[28] = "Innoruuk says, 'Do not mock me!  I shall seek you out after this is done and my power is restored.  You will not be so smug after our next meeting.'",

[29] = "With a sudden jolt the wall comes into crystal clear focus.",



[30] = "Terris Thule says, 'I am certain my warriors will have no problem holding back any intruders, but I have my doubts about the other armies.'",

[31] = "Vallon Zek says, 'Surely you jest.  Your armies better than the regiments from our realm?'",

[32] = "Tallon Zek says, 'There is no question that our warriors of War and Tactics will be the backbone of the army.'",

[33] = "Saryrn says, 'It is no matter anyways, no mortal could ever ascend to this place.  These precautions are unnecessary.  Bringing them here was a waste of time.'",

[34] = "Energy swirls rapidly through the portal causing it to glow brightly with power.",



[35] = "Rallos Zek says, 'Something is wrong.  I feel Tallon and Vallon's spirits have weakened.'",

[36] = "Innoruuk says, 'Don't be a fool, that is just from giving a part of themselves to the bond on Zebuxoruk.'",

[37] = "Cazic Thule says, 'No.  It is more than that, I can feel the force of Terris has been drained as well.'",

[38] = "Bertoxxulous says, 'This is not possible, could mortals have reached us here?  Call in our armies, we are too weak to fight now.'",

[39] = "Innoruuk says, 'You are all incompetent!  I knew you all could not be trusted.  If we are defeated in our weakened state, I do not know if we will be able to coalesce again.  I will never forgive you all for what has transpired today!'",

[40] = "Rallos Zek says, 'Now is not the time to bicker!  We must focus our strength on these puny mortals!  Minions of the army, come to our sides.  Your gods beckon you, we need you now!'",

[41] = "The sundial across the room begins to glow with an ethereal energy.",



[42] = "Fennin Ro says, 'Impossible!  How could the races of Norrath have traveled this deep into the Planes?!'",

[43] = "Xegony says, 'I regret that it has come to this.  They leave us with little choice, however.  We must fuse our powers together.  Separately we are weakened, together we will halt their advances.'",

[44] = "Triumvirate of Water says, 'Unfortunate as it may be, I agree.  We must call upon the beast we swore would never be needed.'",

[45] = "The Rathe says, 'Then let us begin.  Let our abilities and powers meld into one.  It shall be our final protector and savior.  The only thing standing between us and non-existence'",

[46] = "Your head pounds from the amount of raw energy that begins to coalesce throughout the plane. Bright flashes of red, blue, green and brown begin to come into focus on one single point. A large towering beast begins to manifest itself. A horrible creation with all the powers from each elemental realm. Your body begins to shudder by the mere presence of this being.",

[47] = "The sundial across the room begins to glow with an ethereal energy.",

};

local REGIONS = {

[1] = { -500, 1000, 1500, 2000 },


[2] = { -500, 1000, 1230, 1500 },


[3] = { -500, 1000, 1000, 1230 },


[4] = { -500, 1000,  725, 1000 },


[5] = { -500, 1000,  400,  725 },


[6] = { -500, 1000, 1230, 2000 },


[7] = { -500, 1000, 1000, 1230 },


[8] = { -500, 1000,  400, 1000 },

};
local REGION_MAX = { 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 36, 18, 36 };
local NUM_BOSSES_PHASE = { 5, 5, 18, 4, 4, 1 };
local DIALOG_START_STOPS = { [1] = { 5, 18 }, [2] = { 19, 29 }, [3] = { 30, 34 }, [4] = { 35, 41 }, [5] = { 42, 47 } };

local zonePhase = 0;
local zoneRaidID = 0;
local zoneInstanceID = 0
local zoneInstanceData = "";
local zoneTimers = {};
local zoneBossTable = {};
local failTime = 0;
local failWarningMsg;
local validPlayers;
 
local bossEngagedTime = 0;
local trialStates = { [1] = 0, [2] = 0, [3] = 0, [4] = 0, [5] = 0 };
local dialog;
local trialSignal, signalTries, confirmSignal, confirmData, pulses;
local lastSavedClientID;

function Unpacket(s, numberize, returnTable)

local t = {};

for w in s:gmatch("([^;]+)") do


if ( numberize ) then



w = tonumber(w);



table.insert(t, w);

if (returnTable) then


return t;

else


return unpack(t);
end


function AddValidPlayer(charID, dialNum)

for i in ipairs(validPlayers) do


if ( validPlayers[i][1] == charID ) then



validPlayers[i][2] = os.time();



validPlayers[i][3] = dialNum;



validPlayers[i][4] = true;








validPlayers[i][5] = bossEngagedTime;





return;


table.insert(validPlayers, { charID, os.time(), dialNum, true, bossEngagedTime });

function SortValidPlayerList()

table.sort(validPlayers, function(a, b) if ( a[2] < b[2] ) then return true;end );



  true/false if player just zoned in via dial.  flips false next time CheckValidPlayers() is called (every 20s)


  engage time of boss if player was in combat area when CheckValidPlayers() was called while boss was engaged
function IsValidCharID(charID, dialNum)

for _, p in ipairs(validPlayers) do


if ( p[1] == charID ) then






if ( not dialNum ) then




return true, p[4], p[5];



else




if ( dialNum == p[3] ) then





return true, p[4], p[5];




elseif ( dialNum == 6 and (p[3] == 1 or p[3] == 2) ) then





return true, p[4], p[5];




elseif ( dialNum == 7 and p[3] == 3 ) then





return true, p[4], p[5];




elseif ( dialNum == 8 and (p[3] == 4 or p[3] == 5) ) then





return true, p[4], p[5];










return false, false, 0;
function KickPlayer(client)

if ( client:Connected() ) then


client:MovePC(219, math.random(-57, -17), math.random(-130, -90), 10, 0);

end

function SetBossKilled(phase, bossNum)

if ( not zoneBossTable[phase] or not zoneBossTable[phase][bossNum] ) then


return false;

zoneBossTable[phase][bossNum] = 1;



local t = 561600; 

if ( phase == 1 ) then


t = 43200; 

elseif ( phase == 2 or phase == 3 ) then


t = 302400; 



local timerNum = phase;

if ( phase == 4 ) then


timerNum = bossNum + 3;

elseif ( phase == 5 ) then


timerNum = bossNum + 7;

elseif ( phase == 6 ) then


timerNum = 12;

if ( phase > 3 or zoneTimers[timerNum] == 0 ) then  


zoneTimers[timerNum] = os.time() + t;



SetInstanceGlobals();

return true;

function CheckPhaseStatus(phase)

local now = os.time();

local phaseDown = true;

local timerNum;


for i = 1, #zoneBossTable[phase] do



timerNum = phase;


if ( phase == 4 ) then



timerNum = i + 3;


elseif ( phase == 5 ) then



timerNum = i + 7;


elseif ( phase == 6 ) then



timerNum = 12;




if ( zoneBossTable[phase][i] == 1 and now > zoneTimers[timerNum] ) then



zoneBossTable[phase][i] = 0; 



eq.debug("Phase "..phase.." boss "..i.." timer past expiry; respawning");



phaseDown = false;



zoneTimers[timerNum] = 0;






elseif ( zoneBossTable[phase][i] == 0 ) then



phaseDown = false;


return not phaseDown;


function SetInstanceVars(killData, timerData)



local bosses = Unpacket(killData, false, true);

local timers = Unpacket(timerData, true, true);




if ( not timers or not bosses or not timers[12] or not bosses[6] ) then


return false;


for p = 1, 6 do


if ( #bosses[p] ~= NUM_BOSSES_PHASE[p] ) then



return false;



if ( not zoneBossTable[p] ) then



zoneBossTable[p] = {};



for i = 1, NUM_BOSSES_PHASE[p] do



if ( bosses[p]:sub(i, i) == "1" ) then





zoneBossTable[p][i] = 1;



else




zoneBossTable[p][i] = 0;






for i = 1, 12 do


if ( not timers[i] ) then



zoneTimers[i] = 0;


else



zoneTimers[i] = timers[i] * 100;






validPlayers = {};

return true;
function SetupNewInstance(controller)



for p = 1, 6 do


zoneBossTable[p] = {};


for i = 1, NUM_BOSSES_PHASE[p] do



zoneBossTable[p][i] = 0;




for i = 1, 12 do


zoneTimers[i] = 0;



validPlayers = {};





local qglobals = eq.get_qglobals(controller);

for i = 1, 999 do


if ( not qglobals["time_timers_"..i] and not qglobals["time_kills_"..i] ) then



eq.debug("Using new instance ID "..i);



return i;


else



eq.debug("Instance ID "..i.." already exists", 3);



return 0;
function SetInstanceGlobals()


local killsStr, timersStr = "", "";



for p = 1, 6 do


for i = 1, NUM_BOSSES_PHASE[p] do



killsStr = killsStr..tostring(zoneBossTable[p][i])



if ( p < 6 ) then



killsStr = killsStr..";";




for i = 1, 12 do


timersStr = timersStr..tostring(math.floor(zoneTimers[i] / 100));



if ( i < 12 ) then



timersStr = timersStr..";";




eq.set_global("time_kills_"..zoneInstanceID, killsStr, 2, "D7");

eq.set_global("time_timers_"..zoneInstanceID, timersStr, 2, "D7");
function SavePlayerInstance(client)

eq.target_global("time_instance", tostring(zoneInstanceID), "D7", 0, client:CharacterID(), 0);




local charID = client:CharacterID();

for i, p in ipairs(validPlayers) do


if ( p[1] == charID ) then



p[4] = false;


lastSavedClientID = charID;

eq.debug(client:GetName().." saved to instance");
function SetPlayerBossTime(client, t)

local charID = client:CharacterID();

for i, p in ipairs(validPlayers) do


if ( p[1] == charID ) then



p[5] = t;

end

function TryStartTrials()

for i = 1, 5 do


if ( zonePhase == 1 and trialStates[i] == 0 ) then






local clientList = eq.get_entity_list():GetClientList();



local x, y;



if ( clientList ) then








for client in clientList.entries do










x, y = client:GetX(), client:GetY();











if ( trialStates[i] == 0 and not client:GetGM() and x > REGIONS[i][1] and x < REGIONS[i][2] and y > REGIONS[i][3] and y < REGIONS[i][4] ) then






**Set a timer** named *trial"..i.."start* for 44 seconds






trialStates[i] = 1;






eq.debug("Trial "..i.." started");










end

function CheckValidPlayers()

local data, x, y, charID, isValid, zonedFromDial;

local activeClients = 0;

local trialClients = { 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0 };

local bootList = {};



local elist = eq.get_entity_list();

local clientList = elist:GetClientList();

local bossID = GetEngagedBossTime();



if ( bossEngagedTime == 0 and bossID > 0 ) then


bossEngagedTime = os.time();

elseif ( bossID == 0 ) then


bossEngagedTime = 0;



if ( clientList ) then




for client in clientList.entries do




if ( not client:GetGM() and client.valid and client:GetName() ~= "No name" ) then




x, y = client:GetX(), client:GetY();




charID = client:CharacterID();









if ( x < 500 or y > 500 ) then

















isValid, zonedFromDial = IsValidCharID(charID);





if ( isValid ) then






activeClients = activeClients + 1;






if ( zonedFromDial ) then







SavePlayerInstance(client);











SetPlayerBossTime(client, bossEngagedTime);





else






bootList[charID] = true;








eq.debug(client:GetName().." is in combat area but should not be.  Kicking them from zone.");















if ( zonePhase == 1 ) then










for i = 1, 5 do






if ( x > REGIONS[i][1] and x < REGIONS[i][2] and y > REGIONS[i][3] and y < REGIONS[i][4] ) then







if ( IsValidCharID(charID, i) ) then








trialClients[i] = trialClients[i] + 1;







else








if ( not bootList[charID] ) then









activeClients = activeClients - 1;









bootList[charID] = true;









eq.debug(client:GetName().." is in the wrong trial. (possible warp hack)  Kicking them from zone.");































elseif ( zonePhase == 2 ) then










for i = 6, 8 do






if ( x > REGIONS[i][1] and x < REGIONS[i][2] and y > REGIONS[i][3] and y < REGIONS[i][4] ) then







if ( IsValidCharID(charID, i) ) then








trialClients[i] = trialClients[i] + 1;







else








if ( not bootList[charID] ) then









activeClients = activeClients - 1;









bootList[charID] = true;









eq.debug(client:GetName().." is in the wrong phase 2 area. (possible warp hack)  Kicking them from zone.");





































local c, charID;


if ( activeClients > MAX_CLIENTS ) then



eq.debug("Too many players in combat area detected");



local overCap = activeClients - MAX_CLIENTS;



local boots = 0;







SortValidPlayerList(); 







for i = #validPlayers, 1, -1 do




charID = validPlayers[i][1];









c = elist:GetClientByCharID(charID);




if ( c.valid and not bootList[charID] ) then





bootList[charID] = true;





eq.debug(c:GetName().." booted from zone");





boots = boots + 1;





activeClients = activeClients - 1;





if ( boots == overCap ) then






break;















for n = 1, 8 do



if ( trialClients[n] > REGION_MAX[n] ) then




eq.debug("Too many players detected in trial #"..n);




SortValidPlayerList(); 









for i = #validPlayers, 1, -1 do





charID = validPlayers[i][1];











c = elist:GetClientByCharID(charID);





if ( c.valid and not bootList[charID] and trialClients[n] > REGION_MAX[n] ) then






if ( c:GetX() > REGIONS[n][1] and c:GetX() < REGIONS[n][2] and c:GetY() > REGIONS[n][3] and c:GetY() < REGIONS[n][4] ) then







bootList[charID] = true;







eq.debug(c:GetName().." booted from trial region "..n);







activeClients = activeClients - 1;







trialClients[n] = trialClients[n] - 1;




















for charID in pairs(bootList) do





KickPlayer(elist:GetClientByCharID(charID));


return activeClients, trialClients;
function KickRaid()

local clientList = eq.get_entity_list():GetClientList();

if ( clientList ) then




for client in clientList.entries do




if ( not client:GetGM() and (client:GetX() < 500 or client:GetY() > 500) ) then




KickPlayer(client);



end

function DepopZone()

local npc_list = eq.get_entity_list():GetNPCList();



if ( npc_list ) then


for npc in npc_list.entries do



if ( npc.valid and npc:GetNPCTypeID() ~= POTIMEB_CONTROLLER_TYPE and npc:GetNPCTypeID() ~= EVENTS_CONTROLLER_TYPE ) then




npc:Depop();



end

function SetFailWarningTimer()

local timeRemaining = failTime - os.time();


if ( timeRemaining < 1801 ) then


**Stop timer** named *fail_warning*


return;




elseif ( timeRemaining < 3601 ) then


failWarningMsg = "thirty minutes";


eq.set_timer("fail_warning", (timeRemaining - 1800)*1000);

else


local hours = math.floor(timeRemaining / 3600);


local seconds = timeRemaining % 3600;



eq.set_timer("fail_warning", (seconds+1)*1000);


if ( hours == 1 ) then failWarningMsg = "one hour";


elseif ( hours == 2 ) then failWarningMsg = "two hours";


elseif ( hours == 3 ) then failWarningMsg = "three hours";


elseif ( hours == 4 ) then failWarningMsg = "four hours";


elseif ( hours == 5 ) then failWarningMsg = "five hours";


elseif ( hours == 6 ) then failWarningMsg = "six hours";


elseif ( hours == 7 ) then failWarningMsg = "seven hours";


elseif ( hours == 8 ) then failWarningMsg = "eight hours";


elseif ( hours == 9 ) then failWarningMsg = "nine hours";


elseif ( hours == 10 ) then failWarningMsg = "ten hours";


elseif ( hours == 11 ) then failWarningMsg = "eleven hours";


else failWarningMsg = ""; eq.debug("Error: hours == "..hours);
failWarningMsg = string.format(EMOTE_STRINGS[3], failWarningMsg);
function DoAdditionalHoursEmote(hours)

local msg;

if ( hours == 1 ) then msg = "one additional hour";

elseif ( hours == 1.25 ) then msg = "an additional one hour and fifteen minutes";

elseif ( hours == 2 ) then msg = "two additional hours";

elseif ( hours == 3 ) then msg = "three additional hours";

elseif ( hours == 4 ) then msg = "four additional hours";

else msg = "";


eq.zone_emote(0, string.format(EMOTE_STRINGS[4], msg));

function SendSignalRequestConfirm(signal, data)

eq.signal(POTIMEA_CONTROLLER_TYPE, signal, 0, data);

**Set a timer** named *confirm* for 5 seconds

signalTries = 10;

confirmData = data;

confirmSignal = signal;


## Signals



if ( e.signal == 1 ) then





local charID, dialNum, raidID, instanceID, charName = Unpacket(e.data);


charID, dialNum, raidID, instanceID = tonumber(charID), tonumber(dialNum), tonumber(raidID), tonumber(instanceID);




if ( not dialNum or not charID or not raidID or not instanceID ) then



return



eq.debug("Instance start requested; charID "..charID.." ("..(charName or "?")..") clicked dial number "..dialNum.." in raid ID "..raidID.." with instance ID "..instanceID);





if ( zonePhase == 0 ) then






if ( instanceID == 0 ) then




eq.debug("zone inactive and player has no instance; creating new instance and notifying PoTimeA");




instanceID = SetupNewInstance(e.self);







else




eq.debug("zone inactive and player has previous instance; using previous instance");




local qglobals = eq.get_qglobals(e.self);




local killData = qglobals["time_kills_"..instanceID];




local timerData = qglobals["time_timers_"..instanceID];




if ( not killData or not timerData ) then





instanceID = SetupNewInstance(e.self);









else





eq.debug("Instance kill data: "..killData);





eq.debug("Instance timer data: "..timerData);





eq.debug("current os.time() is "..os.time());





if ( not SetInstanceVars(killData, timerData) ) then






eq.debug("Error: Time instance qglobals are corrupted!  Instance ID: "..instanceID);






return;























zoneInstanceID = instanceID;



if ( zoneInstanceID == 0 ) then




eq.debug("Critical Error: All instance qglobals are in use.");




return;





zonePhase = 1;



zoneRaidID = raidID;



CheckPhaseStatus(1);



SendSignalRequestConfirm(1, charID..";"..dialNum..";"..raidID..";"..instanceID); 



SetInstanceGlobals();



**Set a timer** named *phase1* for 45 seconds



**Set a timer** named *check_trial_start* for 2 seconds



for i = 1, #trialStates do




trialStates[i] = 0;







elseif ( zonePhase > 0 ) then



eq.debug("Error: Zone already active and PoTimeA requesting new instance.  This shouldn't happen. (zone crash?)  Sending zone state update");



SendSignalRequestConfirm(4, zoneRaidID..";"..zoneInstanceID..";"..zonePhase);




elseif ( e.signal == 2 ) then




signalTries = 0;


confirmData = nil;


confirmSignal = 0;


**Stop timer** named *confirm*


eq.debug("received confirmation signal from PoTimeA");



elseif ( e.signal == 3 ) then






if ( not e.data or zonePhase < 1 ) then



return;






local charID, dialNum = Unpacket(e.data, true);





if ( charID and dialNum ) then







AddValidPlayer(charID, dialNum);








elseif ( e.signal == 4 ) then






if ( not e.data ) then



return;






local doorID, charID = Unpacket(e.data, true);


DoorClick(doorID, eq.get_entity_list():GetClientByCharID(charID));



elseif ( e.signal == 5 ) then






local trialNum = tonumber(e.data);


if ( not trialNum ) then



return;



SetTrialCompleted(trialNum);



elseif ( e.signal == 6 ) then






local phase, bossNum = Unpacket(e.data, true);





if ( not phase or not bossNum ) then



return;






if ( SetBossKilled(phase, bossNum) ) then







local allDead = true;



for num, killStatus in ipairs(zoneBossTable[phase]) do




if ( killStatus == 0 ) then





allDead = false;





break;












if ( phase > 2 and allDead ) then




PhaseDialog();







elseif ( e.signal == 7 ) then




PhaseDialog();




elseif ( e.signal == 8 ) then





if ( e.data ) then






local client = eq.get_entity_list():GetClientByID(tonumber(e.data));



if ( client and client.valid ) then








if ( zonePhase < 1 ) then









eq.debug(client:GetName().." zoned or logged in to combat area with zone inactive; moving them to graveyard");





client:MovePC(223, 851, -141, 396, 0);





else





local charID = client:CharacterID();





local isValid, zonedFromDial, savedEngagedTime = IsValidCharID(charID);






if ( isValid ) then






if ( not lastSavedClientID or lastSavedClientID ~= charID ) then 







SavePlayerInstance(client);


















if ( GetEngagedBossTime() > 0 and not zonedFromDial and bossEngagedTime > 0 ) then














if ( client:FindBuff(756) and client:GetHPRatio() < 25 and client:GetManaRatio() < 5 and client:GetItemHPBonuses() < 100 ) then 








eq.debug(client:GetName().." resurrected in combat");








return













if ( bossEngagedTime > savedEngagedTime ) then
















eq.debug(client:GetName().." zoned or logged into combat area while boss engaged and having left zone prior to engagement; moving them to graveyard");








client:MovePC(223, 851, -141, 396, 0);








else








eq.debug(client:GetName().." non-dial zone-in while boss engaged but has current boss timestamp");
















else






eq.debug(client:GetName().." zoned or logged into combat area and has not been in the raid; moving them to graveyard");






client:MovePC(223, 851, -141, 396, 0);















elseif ( e.signal == 9 ) then






local op, var = Unpacket(e.data, true);





if ( not op ) then



return;





if ( op == 1 and zonePhase > 0 ) then




**Set a timer** named *fail* for 1 seconds





elseif ( op == 2 and zonePhase > 0 ) then




**Zone Wide Emote:** <span class="text-warning">*WARNING: Instance is shutting down in two minutes.  Players will be removed from the combat area.*</span>



**Set a timer** named *fail* for 120 seconds



failTime = os.time() + 120;





elseif ( op == 3 and var and zonePhase > 0 ) then




eq.debug("Previous active instance raid ID was "..zoneRaidID);



zoneRaidID = var;



SendSignalRequestConfirm(4, zoneRaidID..";"..zoneInstanceID..";"..zonePhase);



eq.debug("Active instance raid ID is now "..zoneRaidID);






elseif ( op == 4 and zonePhase == 1 ) then




if ( failTime < os.time() ) then




**Stop timer** named *phase1*




SetupPhaseOne();





for i = 1, 5 do




SetTrialCompleted(i);








elseif ( op == 5 ) then




if ( zonePhase == -1 ) then




eq.debug("zone is cooling down");



elseif ( zonePhase == 0 ) then




eq.debug("no instance active; zone is available for use");



else




eq.debug("Zone is active.  Instance ID: "..zoneInstanceID..";  Raid ID: "..zoneRaidID..";  Phase: "..zonePhase);



end



## Timer(s)


if ( e.timer == "check_trial_start" ) then



TryStartTrials();


return;



elseif ( e.timer == "pulse" ) then




if ( failTime >= os.time() ) then



local activeClients, regionCounts = CheckValidPlayers();







data = "";



for i = 1, 8 do




data = data..tostring(regionCounts[i])..";";





data = data..tostring(activeClients);



eq.signal(POTIMEA_CONTROLLER_TYPE, 5, 0, data);







pulses = pulses + 1;



if ( pulses == 3 ) then




eq.debug(string.format("Instance time remaining: %i minutes;  Active clients: %i", math.floor((failTime + 1 - os.time()) / 60), activeClients));




pulses = 0;









return;





elseif ( e.timer == "dialog" ) then





eq.zone_emote(0, EMOTE_STRINGS[dialog]);


if ( dialog == DIALOG_START_STOPS[zonePhase][2] ) then



PhaseStart();


else



dialog = dialog + 1;



return;





elseif ( e.timer == "fail_warning" ) then


eq.zone_emote(0, failWarningMsg);


SetFailWarningTimer();


return;



elseif ( e.timer == "confirm" ) then


signalTries = signalTries - 1;


if ( signalTries < 1 ) then



eq.debug("Critical error: no response from PoTimeA sending signal "..confirmSignal.."!");


else



eq.debug("PoTimeA failed to send signal confirmation");



eq.signal(POTIMEA_CONTROLLER_TYPE, confirmSignal, 0, confirmData);



return;





elseif ( e.timer == "fail" ) then


eq.zone_emote(0, EMOTE_STRINGS[1]);


**Set a timer** named *fail2* for 2 seconds




elseif ( e.timer == "fail2" ) then


SetInstanceGlobals();


SendSignalRequestConfirm(2);



eq.debug("notifying PoTimeA of instance expiry");


zonePhase = -1;




**Set a timer** named *cooldown* for 60 seconds


for i = 1, #trialStates do



trialStates[i] = 0;



KickRaid();


DepopZone();



elseif ( e.timer == "phase1" ) then


SetupPhaseOne();




elseif ( e.timer == "cooldown" ) then


zonePhase = 0;


DepopZone();


eq.debug("zone now available");




elseif ( e.timer:find("^trial") ) then


local _, _, trialNum = e.timer:find("^trial(%d)start$");


trialNum = tonumber(trialNum);


if ( trialNum ) then



eq.signal(EVENTS_CONTROLLER_TYPE, tonumber("1"..trialNum.."1"), 0, tostring(zoneBossTable[1][trialNum]));



eq.debug("Trial "..trialNum.." spawned.  Boss status == "..tostring(zoneBossTable[1][trialNum]));






eq.stop_timer(e.timer);
function SetTrialCompleted(t)

eq.zone_emote(0, EMOTE_STRINGS[2]);

trialStates[t] = 2;



if ( zonePhase == 1 and 

trialStates[1] == 2 and trialStates[2] == 2 and trialStates[3] == 2 and trialStates[4] == 2 and trialStates[5] == 2 ) then


**Stop timer** named *check_trial_start*


PhaseDialog();
end

function GetAdditionalHours(phase)

local hours = 0;


if ( phase == 2 ) then


hours = 1;




elseif ( phase == 3 ) then


hours = 1.25;




elseif ( phase == 4 or phase == 5 ) then


for _, b in ipairs(zoneBossTable[phase]) do



if ( b == 0 ) then




hours = hours + 1;







elseif ( phase == 6 ) then


hours = 2;


return hours;
function GetNextPhase()

local p = zonePhase + 1;

for i = p, 6 do


if ( CheckPhaseStatus(i) ) then



return i;


return 0;

function PhaseStart()

zonePhase = GetNextPhase();

if ( zonePhase == 0 ) then


return;

SendSignalRequestConfirm(4, zoneRaidID..";"..zoneInstanceID..";"..zonePhase);


DoAdditionalHoursEmote(GetAdditionalHours(zonePhase));


local data = ""

for i, b in ipairs(zoneBossTable[zonePhase]) do


if ( i > 1 ) then



data = data..";";



data = data..b;




eq.signal(EVENTS_CONTROLLER_TYPE, zonePhase*100+1, 0, data);
function PhaseDialog()

local now = os.time();



if ( zonePhase == 6 ) then


failTime = now + 3598;


eq.set_timer("fail", (failTime - now)*1000);


**Stop timer** named *fail_warning*


**Stop timer** named *fail2*


eq.signal(POTIMEA_CONTROLLER_TYPE, 6, 0, "5");


eq.debug("Quarm defeated.  Remaining instance time set to 1 hour.");


return;

if ( failTime <= now ) then


return;

local nextPhase = GetNextPhase();

if ( nextPhase == 0 ) then


eq.debug("Not advancing phase; bosses in remaining phases have not respawned yet");


return;

else


eq.debug("Phase "..zonePhase.." completed.  Next phase is "..nextPhase);



failTime = failTime + 3600*GetAdditionalHours(nextPhase);

eq.set_timer("fail", (failTime - now)*1000);

SetFailWarningTimer();



**Set a timer** named *dialog* for 3 seconds

dialog = DIALOG_START_STOPS[zonePhase][1];
function DoorClick(doorID, client)


if ( zonePhase > 1 ) then





if ( doorID >= 42 and doorID <= 45 ) then



OpenDoor(42, client);



return;





elseif ( doorID >= 46 and doorID <= 49 ) then



OpenDoor(46, client);



return;





elseif ( doorID >= 29 and doorID <= 32 ) then



OpenDoor(29, client);



return;





elseif ( doorID >= 25 and doorID <= 28 ) then



OpenDoor(25, client);



return;





elseif ( doorID >= 5 and doorID <= 8 ) then



OpenDoor(5, client);



return;






if ( zonePhase > 2 ) then







if ( doorID >= 38 and doorID <= 41 ) then




OpenDoor(38, client);




return;







elseif ( doorID >= 33 and doorID <= 36 ) then




OpenDoor(33, client);




return;







elseif ( doorID >= 13 and doorID <= 16 ) then




OpenDoor(13, client);




return;









local x, y, z, h;



if ( zonePhase > 3 and doorID == 62 ) then





x, y, z, h = -401, 0, 348.75, 64*2;








elseif ( zonePhase > 4 and doorID == 24 ) then





x, y, z, h = -419, 0, 3.75, 64*2;








elseif ( zonePhase > 5 and doorID == 51 ) then









x, y, z, h = 251, -1124, 0, 192*2;




eq.signal(QUARM_TYPE, 1);









if ( x ) then




client:MovePC(223, x, y, z, h);




if ( client:GetPet().valid ) then





client:GetPet():GMMove(x, y, z, 0);







return;






client:Message(0, "The wall feels both insubstantial and solid at the same time, almost as if you were not in phase with it.");
function OpenDoor(doorID, client)

local entity_list = eq.get_entity_list();



for i = doorID, doorID+3 do


entity_list:FindDoor(i):ForceOpen(client);
end

function GetEngagedBossTime()

local npcList = eq.get_entity_list():GetNPCList();

for npc in npcList.entries do



if ( npc.valid and npc:GetMaxHP() > 1000000 and npc:IsEngaged() ) then



return npc:GetID();


return 0;
function SetupPhaseOne()

zonePhase = 1;

failTime = os.time() + 3601;

**Set a timer** named *fail* for 3601 seconds

SetFailWarningTimer();

**Set a timer** named *pulse* for 20 seconds

pulses = 0;